hello I'm Taymor nabila with the main
stories on al Jazeera Southeast Asia's
most wanted man is believed to have been
killed by Indonesian police during a
17-hour assault on a house in Central
Java it's thought the body of northern
Mohammed top is now on the way to
Jakarta for tests norlin is suspected of
being responsible for a series of
bombings in Indonesia including last
month's attack on two hotels in the
capital our correspondent step vasan has
more well it's already two hours after
the shootout in Central Java has
finished and so until now we don't have
any official confirmation from the
police about the identity of the man
that they killed in the house all
sources are telling us to or two hours
ago that they actually got northern m
top and we have seen in the last couple
of half an hour that there is a body
being brought outside a house it's put
into an ambulance and it's a reportedly
being brought to Jakarta in Iran a
second trial of people charged with
involvement in post-election protests
has begun in Tehran some 100 people
overall are facing charges including
senior opposition politicians
journalists and a former vice president
the first phase of the trials on Sunday
so prominent figures confessing to
crimes against the state Amnesty
International says there has been an
alarming spike in the number of
executions in the country since the
presidential election on june the 12th
voting has started in parts of northern
sri lanka in areas formerly held by the
tamil tiger rebels until their defeat by
government forces in May the elections
for local government posts in Jaffna and
Bhavani are the first there for more
than a decade but thousands of people
who fled their homes during the fighting
won't be voting because they're still
living in transit camps China is
evacuating more than 250,000 people from
its south east coast as typhoon morakot
approaches two people have been killed
and four are reported missing in Taiwan
after the typhoon swept across the
island on friday with strong winds and
heavy rain businesses and schools were
closed and flights cancelled much more
on all those stories at our website al
Jazeera net forward slash English
you